res://default_env.tres
res://src/ui/main_menu/controls_menu/keybind_changer.tscn
res://src/tools/keybind_manager/keybinds_manager.gd
res://src/main.tscn
res://src/managers/music.tscn
res://src/managers/sound_fx.tscn
res://src/tools/sound_effect_player_2d.tscn
res://src/tools/hurtbox.tscn
res://src/ui/main_menu/controls_menu/controls_menu.tscn
res://src/ui/main_menu/profile_picking_menu/profile_picking_menu.tscn
res://src/ui/main_menu/settings_menu/settings_menu.tscn
res://src/tools/keybind_manager/input_action_keybinds.gd
res://src/tools/keybind_manager/keybind_types.gd
res://src/ui/main_menu/controls_menu/controls_menu.gd
res://src/managers/settings.gd
res://todo.md
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.en.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.fr.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.es.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.de.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.it .translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.pt_BR.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.pt.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.ru.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.el.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.tr.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.da.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.nb.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.sv.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.nl.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.pl.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.fi.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.ja.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.zh.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.zh_HK.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.ko.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.cs.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.hu.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.ro.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.th.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.bg.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.he.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.ar.translation
res://src/resources/localization/translation_files/Base-Code-Localization - Base.bs_BA.translation
